= positional

Formats and/or parses positional field lists like:
'GCTACTGCAAGTTCTAGACT' or
'1 8 15 22 60 55 57 56 58 55 60 58 57 59 55 50 44 18 5 6'

The input to the formatter ond the output of the parser can be any Ruby obhect. A simple mapping to Array-like objects and a more general mapping to objects with attributes corresponding to the field list are provided. The more general mapping takes a format object which is an array of attribute names. 

Eg. [:temp, :pressure, :flow_rate, :rpm, :message] might correspond to a field list of '32.0 189 10000 450 "Ok"'

An class of :
  class InOrOut
    attr_accessor :temp, :pressure, :flow_rate, :rpm, :messag
  end
 
Could be used with the formatter or parser.

 
== Installation

sudo gem install positional

== Usage
  require 'pp'
  require 'positional'
  require 'in_or_out'

  obj = InOrOut.new
  obj.temp = 32.0
  # ...  more attribute settings

  # parsing
  arry=Array.new 20
  pb = Positional::MaskedParse.new arry.extend Positional::Decorator::Index
  pq = Positional::Parse.new obj.extend Positional::Decorator::Message

  arry = pb.parse 'GCTACTGCAAGTTCTAGACT'
  obj = pq.parse '32.0 189 10000 450 "Ok"', [:temp, :pressure, :flow_rate, :rpm, :message]

  p arry
  pp obj

  # formatting
  pf = Positional::MaskedFormat.new arry
  qf = Positional::Format.new obj

  puts pf.to_s
  puts qf.to_s [:temp, :pressure, :flow_rate, :rpm, :message]
 
Produces:
  ["G", "C", "T", "A", "C", "T", "G", "C", "A", "A", "G", "T", "T", "C", "T", "A", "G", "A", "C", "T"]
  #<InOrOut:0x00000100ce0480
    @flow_rate=10000,
    @message="Ok",
    @pressure=189,
    @rpm=450,
    @temp=32.0>
  GCTACTGCAAGTTCTAGACT
  32.0 189 10000 450 "Ok"

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Ed Howland. See LICENSE for details.
